Adds page on diagnostic tools to reference (#1532)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/reference/diagnostic-tools.md

---
title:  Diagnostic tools

> description: Hands-on guides to using and developing with IPFS to build decentralized web apps and services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Diagnostic tools to assist with debugging, troubleshooting, and developing with IPFS.
```
